okay so this is it's a browser you can
it's got tabs and stuff
um but the like this stuff gets really
interesting
when you uh start putting ifs hashes in
it and you can just
paste an ipfs hash and it will show you
the picture that we all love
uh but like where this really gets
interesting is when you
add content that is like uh oh that
i didn't mean to do that that's spaces
at the front
uh when you add content that is actually
html content
because it can just load up
pages from ipfs that are just html
uh pretty cool huh pretty cool um
and you can just browse around them um
stuff and then you can obviously
also like if you've got um if you've got
uh just some uh directories to the
content this is the xkcd archive and you
can just click on
you know whatever uh whatever you like
and
get hold of that content um i haven't
clicked on all these so like i can
i can hopefully there we go it just it
loads it works
it's pretty cool it uses jsidfs so you
don't have to um
install go ipfs but if you do install go
ipfs and run a demon then it will use
the demon that you're running
um which is pretty cool um
[Music]
and uh that's not there's not too much
to say other than like this
this i'm you doing this in my spare time
uh the
browser is kind of like the sorry the
repo is here if you want to take a look
um it's uh it's just for fun there is if
you want to install it
there's a there's a and you have a mac
then you're in luck because i
i i've managed to figure out how to
create a binary
damage file for for you to download um
pull requests accepted for other
um other systems um
but uh yeah that's about all i have um
thank you very much for listening i'm so
glad my internet held out for that